README.md, before:

Ghanian name (Akon names)
This is a web application of calculting the day of the week one is born. 
By kevin okioma
Description
This is an application on profile about me. It's purpose is to tell potential employers and collaborators more about me.

Setup/Installation Requirements
$ npm install Portfolio
More on the application
This is a simple application is to show my profile to potential employers. A server is not required to run this application, a normal internet connection will suffice to run the application. You do not need to install any dependencies. The application is very basic and light.

Known Bugs
I have not encountered any problems with bugs in this aplication.

Technologies Used
I used HTML and CSS languages to build the website.

Support and contact details
If you have questions or you have encountered any issues, ideas or concerns, I urge you to contact me or make a contribution to the code.

License
*The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE..* Copyright (c) {2019} Contributers. Kevin Okioma

Link to live site on Github pages
This is a portfolio assignment

Commit message:

Adding more changes on read me

README.md, after:

Ghanian name (Akon names)
This is a web application of calculting the day of the week one is born. 
By kevin okioma
Description
This is a web application that takes a user's birthday and calculates the day of the week they were born and then depending on their gender outputs their Akan Name

Setup/Installation Requirements
$ npm install Ghanian-day-names-project
More on the application
Akan names are derived from Ghanian culture. Frequently in Ghana, children are given their first name as a 'day name' which corresponds to the day in the week they were born. Here are Ghanian day names.
Known Bugs
I have not encountered any problems with bugs in this aplication.

Technologies Used
I used HTML and CSS languages to build the website.

Support and contact details
If you have questions or you have encountered any issues, ideas or concerns, I urge you to contact me or make a contribution to the code.

License
*The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) .NET Foundation and Contributors

All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE..* Copyright (c) {2019} Contributers. Kevin Okioma

Link to live site on Github pages
This is a portfolio assignment
